# Tetracamthon

This repository is a notebook about how to design four(**tetra**) coupling 
**cam**s mechanisms with Py**thon** and FreeCAD, especially in Tetra Pak's 
A3-CompactFlex Filling machine's jaw and drive units as an example.

video 10s
<iframe 
    height=450 
    width=800 
    src="http://mpvideo.qpic.cn/tjg_3007806270_50000_d79152afa5284e03a56a7a5ba3096fca.f10002.mp4?dis_k=019959d960063e80571c99b5d1b4036d&dis_t=1557484926" 
    frameborder=0 
    allowfullscreen> </iframe>

<iframe 
    height=450 
    width=800 
    src="http://mpvideo.qpic.cn/tjg_3007806270_50000_d79152afa5284e03a56a7a5ba3096fca.f10002.mp4?dis_k=827ffb3e3e7333bef9e4c9bab984adc9&dis_t=1557538921" 
    frameborder=0 
    allowfullscreen> </iframe>

http://mpvideo.qpic.cn/tjg_3007806270_50000_d79152afa5284e03a56a7a5ba3096fca.f10002.mp4?dis_k=827ffb3e3e7333bef9e4c9bab984adc9&dis_t=1557538921



## Industry and Insights

Are you interested in Tetra Pak's aseptic filling machine?

### Players in This Industry

Tetra Pak develops, produces and markets food processing and packaging systems, i.e., processing equipment, packaging materials, package specifications, packaging machines, and distribution equipment. Write more.

### A Brief History of Tetra Pak's machines

Write more.

### Concepts in Aseptic Filling Machine

roll-fed (in contrast to blank-fed) systems

Jaw System and Drive Unit

Write more.

## Problem and Project

Can you explain the problem clearly to get help from a friend in the other profession?

### Vision, Goal, and Approach

#### Motivation

Let it no longer a bottleneck at the cam profiles of Tetra Pak's Filling Machines in either copying or re-inventing efforts.

#### Goals

- Similarity

  Provide acceleration curves like the ones generated by Tetra Pak's engineers.

- Smoothness

  Draw smooth curves with a definitive specification to the continuity of acceleration up to jerk.

- Flexibility

  Generate cams profiles for other size and shape of packages.

- Validationbility

  Prove to be practical and productive.

- Documentation

  Take note of everything.

#### Approaches

- Open-source tools: 
  - FreeCAD v.s. Adams,
  - Python v.s. Matlab, and
  - LibreCAD v.s. AutoCAD.
- Real information: 
  - Tetra Pak's data as reference, and
  - industrial opinions as direction.
- Different stages: 
  - general curve then partial correction, 
  - geometrical sketches and then parametrical models, 
  - readme-like documentation and then detail completion. 

## Knowledge and Know-hows

How to teach a trainee minimum necessary knowledge to give a hand?

Write more.

## Reasons and Results

Are the approaches reasonable and the results reliable?

Write more.

## Learning and Lessons

What could we learn in this practice?

Tetra Pak's Aseptic Filling Machine, particularly its jaw system

## FAQs

### Any profit? 

For now, no. In the future, there might be. After we solved this problem correctly, two further valuable services might emerge. Read more.

### Why in English?

The result and method of this project need to be a contribution to the whole world, not only being used locally in China. Read more.

### Do you know the disadvantages of open sourcing?

Yes, I do. Open source means I cannot sell it, cannot sweep it, and cannot control it. Read more.

### Can you share Tetra Pak's machine manuals?

Tetra Pak produces invaluable manuals such as maintenance and spare parts catalogs. They are not mine, but Tetra Pak's, so there is no meaning with the word "sharing." Read more.

### Why do you think you can succeed this time?

I had the experience, and I have some new data. Read more.

### What help do you need?

I beg for three things: time, data, and eyes. So be patient and watch me. If you have some advice, I am glad to hear it. Read more.

### Are you re-inventing wheels?

Yes and no. Yes, Tetra Pak had solved this problem decades ago, while nobody could refer to this core knowledge from outside, so I am re-inventing this wheel with new open-source tools publicly. Read more.
